[ENGINE REVVING]
>> How do you blend the world
of intuitive intelligence with
business in really practical
and effective ways?
So how do we actually leverage
our deeper intelligence
to actually read out what's
happening in the room for sales
or for reading out the
needs of your customer?
How do you actually learn
to read out intuitively
what your team is actually
needing or anticipating
the moment?
There's so many applications
of intuitive intelligence
in the workplace.
And we're just at the
brink of discovering really
the power of intuition.
[CALM MUSIC]
When we talk about intuition,
we actually refer to it
in several different ways.
So, for example, it might be--
I might be a visual intuitive.
What I mean by that is am I
reading your micro-expressions
of your face?
Am I reading your
gestures and your body
or how you're
moving in the world?
Am I noticing my
team in my business
and that the energy
field is flat
and no one's talking
to each other
and there's something
that they're
sitting on that I can tell?
I know I've been
in those meetings.
I'm sure maybe you
have too, where
someone sitting on the elephant
in the room and everyone
can feel it but no
one talks about it.
That happens all the time.
So visual intuitives
are one of the ways
that we talk about
intuitive language.
Another one might
be audio intuitive.
So I might be
hearing certain words
or picking up on
what's not being said,
which is equally powerful.
There's also a body intuitive.
So I might be actually sensing
in my gut, in my solar plexus,
in my heart, in my throat.
There might be certain
signals and cues
that I recognize over time
of how I get information.
We find that most people tend
to lead in one of those ways,
whether they're audio,
body, or visual.
And then finally, where
all of those culminate
is what we call a sense of
cognizance where I just know.
I have a feeling of
knowing that overcomes me.
I just know something
is right in my bones.
So that might be coming
from all the clues
with visual, audio,
body sensations.
Then all of a sudden,
there's a feeling of,
oh, I just know
the right choice.
I know this relationship
is dead no matter
what we try to do to try
to fix it or heal it,
or I know that this career
choice is the right one for me.
I just know it in my bones.
And so that's what we talk
about with all this sense
of cognizance.
Some people get prophetic
moments or conversations
they need to have through
their dream states
because that's where our
subconscious is doing the work
and speaking to us.
I interviewed this
incredible business owner
who was a chocolatier.
He would literally wake
up at 2:30 in the morning
and see these schematics
for these pieces
of chocolate equipment
that actually
don't exist on the market.
So he would wake up at 2:30 in
the morning in his dream state,
half awake, and literally write
the schematic, what he saw.
And then when he woke
up in the morning,
he'd start to build
this piece of machinery.
And he eventually brought
two pieces of equipment
to market that he actually
sells to other chocolatiers that
had never existed before.
He has a background in
chemistry and engineering.
But he was also open to his
subconscious and his intuition.
So for me, that's the
most powerful combination,
when someone is open to
their critical thinking,
their analysis,
their data crunching,
and they're open to their
experience and their deeper
intuitive intelligence.
>> So let me tell you a story.
We were at a
conference on retreat.
So it was a fun
overnight weekend
event where we were working.
So I was going to go take
a hot tub with a friend.
And I got out of my clothes
and into my bathing suit.
And this was in the winter
in Northern California.
It was pretty cold.
And I've got a towel
wrapped around me.
And I'm walking
through the courtyard.
And my friend comes back and
says, the hot tub is broken.
So I'm really
disappointed and in shock,
like I can't not do
the hot tub right now.
How am I ever going
to warm myself up?
I can't believe this.
And at that moment,
across the courtyard
in the dark, somebody,
who I didn't know
from a different conference that
was also on the same ground,
said in my direction
and I think to me,
you should come
join our conference.
We're just hanging out in the
center here and socializing.
And that wasn't
what I wanted to do.
I wanted to go in the hot tub.
And that wasn't
working, so then I
was thinking I'm going
to go back in my room
and have some time
alone and read my book
and get warm under the covers.
So my initial
reaction was, no way.
But I knew that this
person was saying--
he was giving me some kind of
information that was useful.
I could just tell like I need
to pay attention to this.
At that time of my life,
I was interested in making
more connections and
talking with people
at a level about
the work I'm doing
and what they're
interested in about it.
And that's probably
more likely then
to happen if I go socialize
with these new people
than if I go to my
room and go to sleep.
So I had the strength of
mind to go change my clothes
and get something warm on and
go over and introduce myself.
When I first walked in
the room, they said,
you have to go talk
to this guy, Michael.
I said, OK because I
knew I was a physicist
and this Michael had a
background in physics.
By the end of the
night we were talking,
he was really interested
in what I was doing.
And he said, I'd like you
to come speak to my group.
We exchanged numbers.
And three months later, I got
an email from a friend of mine,
not related to this
whole situation, saying,
we want you to come
speak next week.
We have a cancelation.
And it turns out
Michael suggested
that you should come speak.
So they accidentally
knew each other
or synchronistically knew each
other, so they had me come.
And so all of that was
this redirection, constant
redirection towards a goal
that I had to begin with.
But there was no way I could
have seen that looking forward.
I just had to follow
the information
I was getting in the moment.
>> I'm going to let
you in on a secret.
If you want to manifest
something and you 90%
fear you're not going to
get it and 10% you want it,
it's going to be pretty
much certain you're
going to not get it and
get just the opposite.
If you get 60-40, it'll
come in maybe with glitches,
so if you're 60% good
desire, 40% fear.
If you get to 10% fear-- you
don't have to be perfect--
and 90% wide open
desire of the heart,
it's likely to come quickly
with synchronicity, serendipity.
My personal opinion
is we are creators.
So we're creating all the time
or manifesting all the time.
We use those words
interchangeably.
But we often do much
of that unconsciously.
On the negative,
oh, I hope when I
go to the dentist I don't
have six fillings to fill.
We're putting the fear in there.
On the positive, to really
imagine and visualize and put
energy through your
heart into something
that truly you would
want and would serve you
tends to help bring
that into physical form.
>> When you go into the imaginal
realm, or the unified field,
or the right brain, there is so
much there, so many variables,
so many possible realities you
could grab and pull in, you
know?
And what you do is you
place attention on a reality
and merge with it.
You use your attention
to feel into it
and to go in and
feel it more and more
until you can almost like step
into it like a little movie.
And then you can feel
what that reality is like.
And as soon as your
body gets the truth
of what it feels like, then
it can get excited about it.
And then it starts
actually materializing
in the physical world.
It's like the atoms and
particles rearrange themselves
into a different scenario
and there you go.
>> The choices we make are
actually seeding the universe
to respond to us.
It's not predetermined.
And it's not
actually just random.
There's this whole branching
tree of possibilities.
So whatever I choose, I'm
going to get some kind
of meaningful outcome from.
>> If you smile at me now, I'm
probably going to smile back.
You helped create my smile.
If you stuck your
tongue out at me,
you would probably manifest
a different reaction.
>> They always say the universe
takes care of the logistics.
But it's your job to imagine
it by placing attention
on something and no willpower.
It's not intention.
It's attention which is
in the present moment.
And then things come
down and become real.
And that is creativity.
And at the end of creating
something, you take inventory.
And you say, wasn't that great?
I really had a good time.
Look at what I learned.
And now I'm bored.
So what else is there?
And you let go.
And you let yourself float in
that kind of liminal space.
And then you go back out.
And somehow new ideas
start to come in.
>> The question is, am I acting
towards the things that I want
to create in the world?
Am I choosing from a place
of creativity and excitement
of things I want to create
and have happen and build?
Or am I choosing from
a place of trying
to make the right decision and
defending myself against all
the wrong possibilities?
Either way, I'm going to
find myself navigating
this tree in a way that reflects
the kind of choices I make,
either the excitement
or the worry.
>> As you move into this
area of how we manifest,
one of the biggest things we
do is remove limiting beliefs.
Our culture teaches
nothing good comes
easy, no pain, no gain,
all kinds of beliefs
that have an element of truth.
If you want to be
a concert pianist,
you probably should practice.
Some are easier to remove
because we don't like them,
to begin with, like
I don't feel special.
That might create pain.
But we have beliefs
sometimes that we
swim in like a
fish in water that
feel what psychologists
call egosyntonic,
meaning we like the beliefs.
They make us feel good.
So I go to a group.
And I say, how many of you in
the spiritual path are seekers?
Most hands go up.
I say, wouldn't you
rather be a finder?
It's a different energy.
So if a person's
holding seeking energy
while they're trying
to manifest, that's
the water they're
swimming in, they'll
keep seeking and
seeking and seeking.
And they never get there.
If they change it to being a
finder, now it can come in.
The problem is most times
it's free-choice universe.
People, if it
doesn't work, think
they are undeserving
or untalented.
And it's almost never,
never, maybe never that.
It's more that their beliefs
are such like they're
holding on to be in a seeker.
And that's rolling with all
their efforts and energies
as warrior and whatever else.
And it's this big ball of wax
that feels kind of legitimate,
I'm a seeker, you know?
Well, great if that's your joy.
But if you want to be a
finder, different energy.
>> One of the things that I'm
most passionate about is this
idea that intuition
is not mystical.
It is not supernatural
and magical,
even though it might have
those qualities at times.
But it's actually one of the
most grounded human experiences
that we're having all the time.
It's about plugging into being
more aware in our environment
internally and externally.
And it's simply, am I just aware
of the data that I'm receiving?
And the more that I'm
become aware of that,
I can make better choices.
That's a very simple way
that we explain it often
in the business world.
One of the things that I
love about this day and age
is that science and neuroscience
is finally catching up
with what we already know.
We have a whole neural
network, which is often
called neural reception.
We literally have neurons in
almost every cell of our body.
What's most important is
the three main brains,
is what they call it.
So we have our gut brain.
We have our heart brain.
And we have our head brain.
And these are the areas where
we have the most neurons stored,
where we actually are
getting data in real time.
And we're able to actually
process information accessing
all of our brains to put on
the problem or the challenge
that we're facing.
If we're only coming
from our neck up,
it's actually very limiting.
It's actually a
very limiting way
to approach today's
problems and challenges
because it's literally
almost like 2D
when you have 3D available.
When you're walking
into a room, when you're
engaging with someone
new that you just
met, could be a client,
could be a colleague,
if you're not tuning into
all of your experience,
you're limiting the data
that you're receiving.
Our conscious thinking
can only pick up
on about 40 bits of
information per second.
That seems like a lot,
40 bits per second.
So right now you're
aware of the sound
of my voice, the lighting,
the background, what
you might be feeling
in your chair
right now, your own ambience,
maybe one thing on your mind,
maybe about up to
40 things per second
that you can actually track.
The subconscious mind can track
20 million bits per second.
That's 40 bits versus 20
million bits per second
of processing information.
Which one would
you rather choose?
So if intuition is so amazing,
why aren't we all doing it?
Well, there happen to
be a lot of roadblocks
that get in the way.
In fact, we've mapped
at least five obstacles
that get in the way of you
tapping into your deeper
intuition.
The first one is
the rational mind.
It's a good old
thinking up here.
If I'm stuck in my logic, if I'm
stuck in how things should be,
and I'm stuck in my
map that I've developed
of how I see the world and
my predictability that way,
I'm going to miss
all the signals
and cues throughout the day.
I'm going to miss all
the pieces of information
I'm receiving that
have nothing to do
with what's on my
spreadsheet or how
my brain works in that moment.
Once again, the
rational thinking
is 500,000 times slower
than our subconscious mind.
So we have to go
beyond the rational
when we tune into our intuition.
Another way to
think about this is
when we're stuck in
our head, it only
has two directions,
the past or the future.
But it's not present.
We're not in this
moment right now.
So when we're in our
head, we're either
rehashing something
that just happened
or we're imagining what
might happen in the future.
But we're not actually
in our living,
breathing experience
of right now.
And this is where
our intuition lives,
is in the present moment.
This is where
relationship is happening.
So if we're not tuned into
life in the present moment,
we're not available
for what's happening.
We're not available for the
information that's there.
The second obstacle is
having strong emotions.
Like fear is a
quintessential example.
So when I'm hijacked
by my fear, I'm
not coming from my
deeper intelligence.
I'm not thinking clearly.
All I see is red and
danger and caution.
It could also be overexcitement.
Once again, I might be
infatuated with somebody
or infatuated with a
situation or a new client
that I miss all the red
flags that are there.
And so that's a different
kind of emotional hijack
when we have all of those
amazing hormonal sensations
that are moving through us.
It literally is an
addiction at times.
And we don't see clearly.
That's why, once again,
emotional reactivity
is so different than
intuitive intelligence.
A third obstacle that
gets in our way is doubt.
It is related to
rational thinking.
It's related to
thinking in general.
But it has its own
special flavor to it.
And it's so crippling
that it's important to put
the light on this one
also because so often we
know what we feel.
We know what's
happening around us.
But we doubt ourselves.
We second guess.
We think, well, no
one else is saying it.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Or my boss is not naming
what needs to happen next.
Who am I to say that
I think I know better?
I don't have that kind of pay--
the same pay grade as they do.
So I'm just the new guy.
I don't know.
So how often do we do something
like that, where we disempower
ourselves because our inner
critic is our own worst enemy
and we doubt what
we know to be true.
Another common
obstacle is busyness.
I'm hustling.
I'm moving all the time.
My heartbeat, my attention
span is all over the place.
There is no time to
actually sit and be still
so that intuition can find me.
And what I need to actually
know in the moment,
I'm not even allowing
any space for that.
So the antidote that's
really important for busyness
is how do I actually get still?
How do I take a
breath and slow down?
One of my favorite things
when we're coaching executives
is we get them to
literally do a tech detox.
And when you first
share that with them,
they look at you like,
what are you talking about?
This is crazy, literally.
It's like a foreign language.
But there's so much more
freed up when they get away
from the computer screen.
And that's what Steve
Jobs used to do at Apple.
He was famous for getting
away from the computer screen,
walking around the Apple
campus in Cupertino,
California, barefoot.
And when you walk barefoot, you
literally have to slow down.
You get into a different space.
You get into a different rhythm.
So I took a page from
Steve Jobs' book literally.
And when I work with business
clients, a lot of times
I'll take the executive, or
whoever I'm working with,
outside the office.
And we'll go for a
walk around the block.
It's amazing what
happens right away.
Immediately their
nervous system relaxes.
They get literally a
breath of fresh air.
They start to think about
whatever challenge they're
sitting with in a new way.
And that's when the
subconscious literally connects
those dots in the background.
The fifth obstacle is ego.
This is where my own
bias or my own agenda
gets in the way of
the wisdom of what
really needs to happen next.
And the negotiation
is a classic example
where in any sales conversation,
am I coming from me, me, me?
Or even if I'm trying to
impress people on my team
and get the acknowledgment
of our shared boss
there, if I'm coming from
me, me, me, eventually, that
has a huge negative
repercussion.
And that damages relationships.
And intuition connects
you with the opposite.
It actually is
what's the we space?
What do we need to
listen to that's
in the greatest good for all?
Intuition, once
again, connects us
with our immediate
environment so much so
that you can feel when something
feels off in the space.
I think about astronauts
that are going to deep space
and how tuned in they need
to be with each other,
where if anything
is off, who knows?
Their life could
depend on that moment.
>> There's this word for what we
experience when we start paying
attention to synchronicity,
when we start paying attention
to the unexpected
situations in life.
We get into the
experience of flow,
state of being where our mind
and our body and our heart
and all the aspects of
ourselves are working together.
If you think about
a lot of our lives,
we're being dominated
maybe by our mind.
We're thinking about how we're
going to solve some problem
or how does someone
treat us know.
I'm going to get vengeance, or
I'm going to try and apologize.
All that's in our
mind, you know?
Or we might be living
from her heart a lot
where we're really
open and loving.
Flow is about finding some
kind of balance where you're
moving naturally between these
different elements of who
you are.
>> Stop thinking.
Stop naming and identifying
and classifying.
Learn how to sit
still and listen.
I think that would be
the most important thing.
Be open.
Stop judging.
Be willing to admit
that you don't know.
But it's really just
being in openness.
Let go of any fear that
you have associated
with it because that's
going to get in the way.
And have fun.
>> If we try to
take more control,
we might kind of
screw things up.
When we try and
clamp down on making
sure everything goes just right,
things can tend to fall apart.
So then we give up
and say, I'm going
to let go totally and
just let it all happen
however it happens, surrender.
And that also can
make things screw up.
I'm being colloquial here.
And so there's a spectrum
of how we're always
striving to find the
right amount of control
so that we can influence
our lives to be good,
to make good choices,
to make our life better.
Flow is about jumping
off of that spectrum,
transcending that dynamic where
you become not worried about
whether you're in control.
It's like being a child again.
You're not thinking,
oh, I shouldn't
tell my parents what to do.
I shouldn't be bossy, or
I should do what they say,
or you're not thinking about,
I should be good or bad.
You're just being who
you are and there's
a natural flow to it.
I'm not saying we
should be like children.
We should be adults who
have grown capacities
for reasoning and for
wisdom and for compassion
and yet remember what
it was like to be
in that space of our actions
come naturally through us.
>> And the other part
of the flow is about--
at least for me, it's
about being in the moment
as much as I can and just
responding to what comes.
But also I've gotten
into this thing where
I talk about notice
what you're noticing,
that we have this thing, I
call it the inner perceiver.
Some people might call it the
Holy Spirit or the inner voice.
And it gives us a sequence
of thoughts and noticings
throughout the day.
And it's different for everyone.
So I try to notice
what I'm showing myself
and then say, well, why?
Why did I just
notice that thing?
And then I look at it.
And I say, what's the message?
What am I trying to get
through to myself from my soul
through my mind into
my earthly self.
And I made a game of that.
But I really think that
noticing those things
and engaging with
them is the flow.
>> And it's more than just
being in flow in our own little
cocoon.
Where synchronicity shows up is
who you accidentally bump into.
And that suddenly you're part
of a bigger network of what's
going on in the world.
And your life and your choices
and your experience of flow
connects with somebody else's.
A lot of times and a lot of
what I teach and what I focus on
is how obstacles and
difficulties are absolutely
a part of this picture.
When you truly see the
world through this lens
and really accept that this
is a process which is going on
and it's trustworthy,
then I find
I can start to trust the events
that happen in my life more
and more as useful
for me, maybe even
necessary for my own growth.
>> So often where intuition gets
a bad rap is it starts to get
very much into the woo-woo
language and magical thinking.
For example, let's
say I'm on a date
and I see three doves go by.
And all of a sudden, I
think, oh, that's the sign.
She's my woman forever.
That's it right there.
Prince was right.
Why I think most people
don't trust their intuition
is because they don't trust
their emotional volatility.
They don't trust the ups
and downs of what they feel.
And that's probably actually
smart to not always trust
when I'm in a state of
depression, a state of anxiety,
a state of stress.
In functional MRIs, when we're
having an emotionally reactive
moment, that's when
our amygdala is
getting lit up way back here.
But when the intuitive
moments are actually
happening in our life,
there's a mixture of emotion
and our decision making
center over here.
I'm actually literally
tuning into all of my signals
and cues in my whole body.
That's why it's so
important to slow down.
That's why it's so important to
breathe because the breath is
the thing that gets us to
lower the elevator back
down into our other brains that
we're usually not inhabiting
on a day-to-day basis.
And so when we
learn how to lower
our awareness and
our consciousness
in our whole bodily
container, we're
walking in the world
more integrated,
connected with our self.
Therefore, connecting on
a deeper level with other.
That's a huge asset in the
business world and in life too.
[CALM MUSIC]
My sense is that the
newer generations
are even more open and tuned
into their emotional body, more
open and tuned into their
energetic and intuitive bodies
and awarenesses.
And yet the challenge
is there's also
more social media and
technology in ways
that we can distance from the
person-to-person interaction,
whether it's dating
apps or whether it
is remote training with
your team in business
and maybe you've actually
never met the person, your team
member who's in
Germany or Mexico
or wherever they're located.
You've actually never
really been across
from them at a
table where you have
the whole somatic experience
of being in front of them.
Now what's interesting
with intuition
is you can still pick up
what's being said or not said
or get all kinds of information
on a video, of course,
even on telephone.
And even through
email, when you start
to practice developing
your intuition,
you can actually pick up
certain emotions or energetics
in email.
I mean, what's obvious
is if it's all caps
or if there's a lot
of exclamation points
or something like that
that can give you a sense.
As you start to
tune in, you start
to actually can feel
a little bit more
what's behind a
message, what's actually
the intention behind a message
that's being sent to you.
>> What about this idea
of thinking positive?
Fake it till you make it.
More modern culture would
be, be positive out there.
That's that stiff
upper lip thing
taken to another level of not
only you have to look stoic,
but now you have to look
really happy about it.
And it gets to a
place where you can't
trust the smile
of the guy selling
you the used car, or lady.
You can't trust
the smile you see
in business because somebody may
just want something from you.
And they're acting extra
friendly, extra nice, extra
loving, extra positive.
Our intuitive sense really
can smell that a mile away.
I think we're designed to be
unlimited energy beings getting
all our energy
directly from source,
however you define
that, God, beauty
of nature, masculine,
feminine high energies.
And we cut that off, then
we're energy starved.
Where can we get energy?
From other people by
getting their attention.
We can be the bad girl,
the good girl, the bad boy,
the good boy, the rescuer,
the mess, the intimidator,
all these roles,
including being positive.
This is one of these.
And it's one that's very
culturally accepted now.
So if we go around, positive
people will like us.
And there's a desperation
in the eye and in the smile.
All right.
The antidote to that is connect
back to your birthright,
to energy in unlimited
quantity directly from source,
from all these beautiful things
like the beauty of nature.
And then you'll be
filled to overflowing
with positive energy,
good energy, love.
And you won't have to act.
And I imagine after
20 years of acting,
it gets a little tiring
to be in the same sitcom.
So that would be my suggestion.
Don't think positive
and act positive.
Allow yourself to
genuinely be in a place
where this does look
like that you're
a wonderful being and
a wonderful creation
much more than just your
ego and your personality.
>> I broke it down into six
steps so that you can easily
access your own wisdom.
And so here they are.
The first step is
being receptive.
I first have to be open and
receptive with my mindset
so that intuition can find me.
I'm not trying to find it.
I'm not trying to
hunt my intuition
or find the right
answer and hunt it down.
It doesn't work that way.
It's got a different cosine wave
than we're normally used to.
And so we first have
to be open-minded,
is how do I receive information?
And if I'm not
receptive, I'm going
to be blocking my ability
to access my subconscious
and my ability to access
information faster.
Step two is slowing down.
Now that I'm
open-minded, I actually
have to slow down to track
what my experience is and not
be in the day-to-day
busyness of life.
Step three is befriend
my inner critic,
all the different voices that
are telling us to do something
or where we doubt ourselves
or we second-guess ourselves.
So we have to learn, how do I
befriend my inner critic so I
can separate the
voice of my critic
from the voice of my intuition?
Because not everything I hear
is necessarily good guidance.
I might have my emotional
reaction about my boss
that I'm cussing him
or her out in my head
or whatever the
situation may be.
And so the voice
of my intuition is
coming from a nonemotionally
reactive place.
So step three once
again is how do
I befriend my inner
critic instead
of go along for its ride
and learn that separation.
Step four is tune in to
my body in a deeper way.
How do I actually listen to
my inner signals and cues?
How do I recognize my
intuitive language?
Like do I know that
when I get a strong no,
it's coming from my gut
and a yes might be more
centered in my heart space?
Or I just notice a
relaxation throughout my body
when it's a green
light to move forward,
or maybe a red light looks
like I feel a sense of that I'm
constricted somehow
and my breath is short
or I feel a bit shut
down or I get spacey.
These are the kind
of things you need
to start tracking for yourself
because everybody is different.
Step five is all about
asking for guidance.
I have to actually build a
relationship with my wisdom,
otherwise it won't activate.
So how do I actually
ask for, hey,
is this the right
move for our company?
Is this sale-- is
there anything that
needs to happen in this
marketing conversation
that we're not talking about?
Is there something else my
customer's really wanting, even
though they're not saying it?
How do I ask that
question to myself
and see what my response is?
Or is this even the
right job for me anymore?
And then listen what's
my reaction in my body.
And then finally, the sixth
step is taking action.
If we don't take action
on what we're feeling,
we're actually
dishonoring our self.
This is the opposite
of being disempowered.
We're actually dishonoring
our potency in the world.
If we don't take
action on what we feel,
we're not really
blazing a new trail.
We're not innovating anything.
We're not changing the dynamic.
So it's not enough to
just feel what we feel.
We have to put it
into motion and be
decisive in those moments.
That's what separates
the future leader
from the leader of the past.
[CALM MUSIC]
"Emotional Intelligence," that
book came out 25 years ago.
The business world
hasn't really caught
on until maybe the last 8
or 10 years where now it's
seen as a no-brainer
that, of course,
you want to be able to read
out the needs and wants
of your team, of your
customer, of the marketplace.
It just makes sense.
And the marketing world actually
has known that a long time ago,
about 100 years ago.
The original marketers in
New York and what have you
were in on the psychology
of how we make decisions.
What we're seeing now
in the business space
is that intuitive
intelligence is still
a very nuanced topic that has
not gained acceptance fully.
And yet when you talk
to the real innovators,
when you talk to people who
are actually doing real science
and actually
developing products,
we've been working with them.
People who actually are head of
their R&D lab in their country.
And they're actually having
to think outside the box
and come up with a new
solution that's not just
on their spreadsheet.
They get how important it is
to tap into a deeper resource.
This is what
Einstein knew about.
This is what Tesla knew about.
This is what Richard Branson
and Oprah Winfrey talk about.
When you have
someone like that who
understands the
value of listening
to their inner signals
and cues, that's huge.
So what we see in the
business space is, of course,
there's going to be
people who are skeptics.
There's going to always
be people who are
the opposite of early adopters.
They're resistors.
And they want to see it proven.
Just because we
can't see something
doesn't mean it's not on
our spectrum of experience.
I was out to dinner
in New York City
with a colleague and mentor
of mine, a friend of mine,
who is one of the top brand
agencies in the world.
And he's very sharp,
New York sharp.
And so he was looking at me
and my title at the time.
This is while I was
writing my manuscript.
I was a little bit more
leaning towards some
of the supernatural
languaging and a little bit
of woo-woo languaging
in a business book.
And he saw that.
And he said to me,
Rick, do you want
to be talking in front
of a Unitarian Church
or in front of the UN?
What's the kind of impact
you're looking for?
And it was an honest question.
And right away, I didn't
have to think about it.
I said, the UN.
That's where I want to
bring this type of work
on a much larger scale
where I'm not marginalizing
certain audiences.
I'm actually making this
even more approachable
to more people.
That's why this is so
important right now,
is how do we bring this
work on a mass level?
And so I'm much more interested
to talk to the UN and larger
organizations and
people across cultures
because intuition
is a human thing.
It's about our human evolution.
And this is why it's so
important in today's world
that we get on track with
our deeper intelligence.
[CALM MUSIC]